src/sabbatical/updates/21.md, before:

---
layout: blog.njk
title: "Sabbatical Update (Week 21)"
date: 2021-10-29
summary: >
  (22 October 2021 to 28 October 2021) Reading Thinking in Bets, enjoying
  San Francisco, working on the Bookworm Club.
tags:
  - blog
  - sabbatical
category: Sabbatical
---

{% sabbatical %}

## Reading

I continued reading [*Thinking in Bets*][bets].

[bets]: https://www.annieduke.com/books/

## Last week

On Friday Gabi and I went to Club Deluxe with her classmates.
On Saturday I went into a rabbit hole building a script that gathers
and analyzes the recent earnings surprises for each member of the
Dow Jones Industrial Average. On Sunday we had an atmospheric river pass
over San Francisco. I put on my rain gear and walked through Golden Gate Park
a bit (watching out for widowmakers, of course). On Monday I worked
out the DNS kinks for the Bookworm Club and built a fun feature
on the sign up page. The placeholder for the email cycles through
fictional email addresses for popular literary characters. I also
built out the <a href="/bets/">Bets</a> section of this website.

## What's next

TODO

Commit message:

Add note about Python midterm

src/sabbatical/updates/21.md, after:

---
layout: blog.njk
title: "Sabbatical Update (Week 21)"
date: 2021-10-29
summary: >
  (22 October 2021 to 28 October 2021) Reading Thinking in Bets, enjoying
  San Francisco, working on the Bookworm Club.
tags:
  - blog
  - sabbatical
category: Sabbatical
---

{% sabbatical %}

## Reading

I continued reading [*Thinking in Bets*][bets].

[bets]: https://www.annieduke.com/books/

## Last week

On Friday Gabi and I went to Club Deluxe with her classmates.
On Saturday I went into a rabbit hole building a script that gathers
and analyzes the recent earnings surprises for each member of the
Dow Jones Industrial Average. On Friday and Saturday I also completed the
midterm quiz and assignment for my Python class. On Sunday we had an atmospheric
river pass over San Francisco. I put on my rain gear and walked through
Golden Gate Park a bit (watching out for widowmakers, of course). On Monday I
worked out the DNS kinks for the Bookworm Club and built a fun feature
on the sign up page. The placeholder for the email cycles through
fictional email addresses for popular literary characters. I also
built out the <a href="/bets/">Bets</a> section of this website.

## What's next

TODO
